adding reference architectures section (#115615)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/reference-architectures/index.asciidoc

[[reference-architectures]]
= Reference architectures

> Elasticsearch reference architectures are blueprints for deploying Elasticsearch clusters tailored to different use cases. Whether you're handling logs or metrics these reference architectureßs focus on scalability, reliability, and efficient resource utilization. Use these guidelines to deploy Elasticsearch for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch reference architectures are blueprints for deploying Elasticsearch clusters tailored to different use cases. Whether you're handling logs or metrics these reference architectures focus on scalability, reliability, and efficient resource utilization. Use these guidelines to deploy Elasticsearch for your use case.
```

> These architectures are designed by architects and engineers to provide standardized, proven solutions that help users follow best practices when deploying Elasticsearch. Some of the key areas of focus are listed below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These architectures are designed by architects and engineers to provide standardized, proven solutions that help you to follow best practices when deploying {es}. Some of the key areas of focus are listed below. 
```

* High availability 
* Scalability

> TIP: These architectures are specific to running your deployment on-premises or cloud. If you are using Elastic serverless your Elasticsearch clusters are autoscaled and fully managed by Elastic. For all the deployment options, see https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/elasticsearch-intro-deploy.html[Run Elasticsearch].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: These architectures are specific to running your deployment on-premises or on cloud. If you are using Elastic serverless your {es} clusters are autoscaled and fully managed by Elastic. For all the deployment options, refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/elasticsearch-intro-deploy.html[Run Elasticsearch].
```

These reference architectures are recommendations and should be adapted to fit your specific environment and needs. Each solution can vary based on the unique requirements and conditions of your deployment. In these architectures we discuss about how to deploy cluster components. For information about designing ingest architectures to feed content into your cluster, refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest/current/use-case-arch.html[Ingest architectures]

[discrete]
[[reference-architectures-time-series-2]]
=== Architectures

[cols="50, 50"]
|===
| *Architecture* | *When to use*
| <<hot-frozen-architecture>>

A high availability architecture that is cost optimized for large time-series datasets. 

a| 

> * Have a requirement for cost effective long term data storage (many months or years) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have a requirement for cost effective long term data storage (many months or years).
```
